# Git

1. Create a new folder named GitHashingExercise. Create a text file named README.md in your repository and write a brief description (a few words) of the project.
1. Generate a unique 4-digit integer, i.e. by using the last four digits of your student ID (AEM). Create a script in a shell of your choice named `hash_script`, where it should take a 4-digit integer as input and output a hash of the input. You can use any standard hashing algorithm (like SHA-256), run the script with your unique 4-digit integer and save the output in a file named `hash_output.txt`.

Use Git commands to add and commit `hash_script` and `hash_output.txt` to your local repository. Lastly, create a new public repository named GitHashingExercise on github.com and push your local commits to the remote repository.

Note: Ensure that have an account on github.com. Presentation 4 contains information how to do so. You DO NOT need academic verification for a regular Github account, so don't need to wait on verification in order to complete the exercise.

# Signals

1. Write a C program `mysigcatch.c` that catches the `SIGINT` signal (usually generated by the `Ctrl+C` command in the terminal). Upon catching the signal, the program should print "SIGINT signal caught!" and then terminate gracefully.
1. Modify your program, in `mysigcatchmodified.c` in order to use a custom signal handler function. In the custom handler, display the signal number and a message indicating that the signal was caught. After catching the signal twice, the program should restore the default behavior for `SIGINT` and terminate upon the next signal reception.
1. Download `code-lab-4` from elearning. Write in a small summary (a couple of lines)
	1. how all codes are executed,
	2. an example usage and its output and
	3. a brief explanation of the actual C code.

E.g. `./immun2ctrlC 5` runs the process with sleep time 5 seconds and in the meantime pressing `Ctrl+C` gets captured/handled and then ignored by this signal(SIGINT, SIG_IGN); Not much to show in terms of actual output since it's just a printout of sleeping for: 5 sec.

In `/home/deadpool/quiz-4` you should have the following files:
- `hash_script`
- `hash_output.txt`
- `repo.txt` (where you will just have a link to your github repo, e.g. https://github.com/deadpool/GitHashingExercise.git so git cloning this URL will actually clone the repo)
- `code-lab-4-explained.txt` (where you will answer (2.3))
- `mysigcatch.c`
- `mysigcatchmodified.c`

Regarding elearning, as usual, tarball the above folder and upload a single `.tar.gz`.